[docs] Change from "sync" to "prepare" script in alias FAQ (#5649)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/faq/50-aliases.md

Aliases can be set in `svelte.config.js` as described in the [`configuration`](/docs/configuration#alias) docs.

> Then run `npm run prepare` or `npm run dev` (which will execute `prepare`). SvelteKit will automatically generate the required alias configuration in `jsconfig.json` or `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run `npm run prepare` or `npm run dev` (both will execute a sync command). SvelteKit will automatically generate the required alias configuration in `jsconfig.json` or `tsconfig.json`.
```
